README_WINDOWS.rtf
==================

To get a first look at relish programming, read the "Simple Program Trial Environment" Quick-Start Guide, in the Tutorials tab of the http://relish.pl website.

The "Simple Program Trial Environment" is also known as the playground. 

The playground is a relish web app that runs on your local computer. It is like the "Try Go" code execution window at http://golang.org except instead of letting you run a Go program, it lets you view and run a simple relish program and view its output.

So, after the FINISH of the install:
1. Search for Command Prompt from the Windows Start Screen or find Windows System / Command Prompt from the Windows Start Menu.
2. Click the Command Prompt black icon to launch a Command Prompt window.
3. Type 
playground
into the command window and press Enter key.
This downloads the "playground" relish program and runs it.
4. Open a web browser window,
5. Type http://localhost:8080 into the address bar at the top, and press Enter key.
6. Then, choose a program example from the drop-down menu and run it in the playground. View the relish program results in the yellow window that is below the (Run) button on the playground page.

To learn how to program in relish, read the "relish Syntax and Semantics By Example - From the Inside Out" reference manual in the References tab of the http://relish.pl website.

To edit relish programs, you should probably use the "Sublime Text" editor, because it's a pretty decent code editing tool, and because there is a relish syntax colouring extension package for Sublime Text. Instructions for adding relish syntax colouring to Sublime Text can be found in the tools\README_WINDOWS.txt file in your relish installation directory tree.
